Thank you very much, everyone, for joining us today. In this area where I am here, you can
open. So I just say that in the post, with the opening or with what you were saying, find
your zone. I'm saying, "Good, up there, good, up there, or back in there, up any way." Thank
you very much, again, for participating, and coming, and together, we are reflecting, and
going on, again, teaching of the racist teacher, kindly teacher of the Buddha Shakyamuni, as
told by the Jyadhi Rudju Rumors. And so we are going in on the light of all those great
masters, according to their church documents. We are, or I'm doing my best capabilities to
go precisely, thoroughly, clearly according to my capabilities. And so, that's what we
are really doing. And also, you can also correct yourself and whatever those any mistakes or
errors may show up in the game. And it's not my intention that there is some mistakes there.
So really, please correct. We all know and look at the end. Now, with those told, again,
to summarize kind of all those beginning talks, I'm going to talk again, we activated our
beautiful motivations. Motivation of the joy and appreciations, and graceful, grateful.
Those are fundamental foundations of the Buddha teaching, really. Sent at all for the foundation.
With that foundation, there was this motivation of the Bodhicata, thinking of all living beings.
We, practicing of the Dharma, according to Mahayana, ought to benefit all the sentient
beings. And we are doing that. We are doing, wishing Bodhicata in our heart, mind, and
actualizing Bodhicata, according our capabilities, with determination, with courage, with
commitment,
with continuations, actualizing Bodhicata. But also, same time, this intention thought
is not just once in a while, or when we give teachings, or when we practice, as much as
you can reflect it, bring up that. That is known as practitioners. That is known as Bodhisattvas.
Follow with the footsteps of the Buddhas. That's really important. That will keep our identities.
Bodhicata is free from self-important. Self-important. So it's thinking of all beings.
What is being reflected by physically, verbally? That is the Bodhicata activities.
With that thought, then with the Vayana teaching, always in the teaching said, bring up the
recommendation of the three Vayana states. Vayana poem, Vayana song, Vayana mind, or three
Vayana states. The all appearances are, all appearances are the Vayana of the Buddhas,
poem of the Buddhas. All the song systems are the speech Vayana of the enlightened beings.
Our mind and spirit are the medallas of the wisdom mind of the Buddhas. Bring those three
medallas, or three kaya, three vayas, or kaya perfect. All those realizations, those are
also really important, very essential, not just important. We are practicing. For example,
when we do the visualization of the practice, that's what we are practicing. Three vayas
are actually the practices. Activating that. So therefore, again, to practice is not just
begin once in a while or lay idle on that, but from now is good. That is what it is.
Bodhicata and joy and appreciation are the drone of enlightenment. That is light. That
is the glowing luminously light. Love, compassion, joy and appreciation, graceful in our heart
and mind, we are illuminated. Ourself illuminated. That is the beginning of enlightenment.
Therefore,
enlightenment begins right now. When we begin the practice and we have the right, correct
motivation, we are really switching on our enlightenment mode, our enlightenment switch,
that button that we're putting on. That is so important. With this code, again, I'm going
for the most kind of simplified today, and which is three noble vowels, the beginning
novel, middle novel and concluding novel. These three novels are also not just during
only the practices or only when we receive the teachings, but also of the code of any
time, any occasion when you really practice the meditation or even morning. When we wake
up morning, have those beautiful thoughts and attitudes. Beautiful thoughts, the beginning
novel, joy and appreciation, bodhicatas, beauty understable realizations. If somehow we didn't
get beauty understable realizations, immediately three wedged states, all this form as an American
legs, dream legs, reflection moment in the waters, bubble legs, those are the release
in teaching. It's true. There's no substation solid existed at all of any these forms. Even
though it appeared as a solid conquered, yet is massive heal of the particles or in the
teaching said atoms. They are changing instantly. Our mind is changing. Our eyes are changing.
Even we look into those objects at that moment, it changed already and our mind changed already.
It's all in a way, sparking energy, sparking qualities. These whole things, this is not
just a Buddha said the truth, it was proving these modern times too. Those intelligence,
wise, open minds are proving through the scientific ways that we heard. That's the way things
are. So in the teaching say, dream legs, magic legs, maraggy legs, reflection moment in the
water legs and all those, we really feel like those thoughts. It is good knowledge. It is
known as knowledge object that meets with where things are. It's not false knowledge, wrong
knowledge or wrong understanding. It's true understanding. It's where things are. So those
are really important. Those are very touching to the way nature very closely, where things
are, of this phenomenal existence. So beginning novels. Beginning novel is what? Again to
more practical level we put. Again, joy and appreciation. With that full of devotions
doing lineage prayers, calling on our prayers. Those are the devotions. This is the world
of joy, world of the confidence, world of trust, worlds of the attunes, the harms, H,
Y, maybe M, harms, hymns, hymns of the joy, hymns of love, trust, conflict. Saturday dawn,
not lingering, wondering in the lost mind. Saturday, now you're going to explore the
beauty or we are going to explore the beauty of the natural way things are. That's what
known as calling on paths. Paths. With these thoughts and then body that are taught, we
think this, that take love to your body the thoughts. And as well as I also said in the
teaching always said these four renowned thoughts. Four renowned thoughts. Those are the beginnings
.
Beginning practice. Wherever you reflect those thoughts, our practice will keep fresh. Our
practice will keep more up to date. It's not going to decline. Paying ways. And kind of
expiring. Many times that happens. Many people, individually, they start with excitement
and there's so much there and they kind of almost say, "Paying way. Going way, going
way. And went way. And then down to the bottoms. Went completely down." Why? Joy, appreciation,
devotion. Four renowned second thought. They didn't reflect enough in the heart and the
truth. Carried by the force of the dualities in the illusion or the delusion of the world.
The busyness. That carried way. Then, practice is inspiring. The devotion is expiring.
Bodhicata is expiring. And everything become more, kind of, then carried all over, controlled
by the skeptical, hesitations, doubts. And all those thoughts are coming up now, gaining
power over our own goodness natures. Therefore, it's all what is the beginning and over the
so important. It really will keep fresh. Also, it's not going to, because of this, it will
happen. As I said, up-to-date, more fresh. It's not just become the Dharma practice,
or the teachings, or the practice becomes. Care, you know, or it's just the same thing.
It's boring, or it's kind of like dry, gay, I don't see anything. I mean, all those thoughts,
because we don't have, many times, we are weak of this polynosite thought, joy, appreciation,
all these things. Then, it's really boring. Even though it's true, I think it really feels
true, sounds true, good, but it's just, then it's hidden. There is the "but". World "but"
comes. What? Then it comes. That means what? We are going, our feeling, our energy, enthusiasm,
how we started. It is really going on. Watch out. We have every, we like to make a chain,
like to implement something in these lives. Those are known as obstacles, hinders. It's
not naive. It's not just a care. It is awaiting our practical goal, the goal of the practices,
our identity of the spiritual, a dharma. No matter how much teaching you received, how
much empowerment you received, how many great masters you received or made and received
the teachings, we are getting short and weak of those. Our dharma practice, our dharma
in fire is tumbling. It is a really shaky status. That is what we really have to watch
out. Great teacher, Buddha Chaitanya Muni in Guru Pemma Sambha, other great master always
said, "Watch out on the path." That's why one in teaching said, "May I don't have
any obstacles in my path." But, those are the obstacles, hinders. And so therefore,
this beginning goal is so important. We see the energy of the beginning novel and then
we practice the middle novel. Middle one, the novel, as I said, as Pranav I put together
as six paramatas or bodhicata, wishing bodhicata, actualizing bodhicata, and wishing bodhicata.
Again, these are not two different individuals and one right and one left or east and west.
All combined together. With the loving is coming out, that is supposed to be wishing
and second is actualizing bodhicata. But when they come to the practice, they go side by
side or inseparable, inseparable. When you do the generation practices, for example,
from the generation practices, the best are best on the whole formless, best upon those
tumi practices. Tummi practices, I'm just using it that commonly, but this is the word,
dagi nyamba, dagi jiva and dawe jingi, equalizing and exchanging, others are more important
than yourself or ourselves. That port and practicing generosity, practicing moralities,
practicing of the patience, every six paramatas are best upon this bodhicata.
Every case of simplified bodhicata in the teachings is compassion, best upon compassion.
Every six paramatas are strongly standing on the compassion. They are the compassion
activities for all the living beings. So that is really the moving forward.
Every kid then moving one after another in the teachings, but also, as I said earlier
in the teachings said, even the generosity practice has all the six paramatas,
and morality paramatas has all six paramatas, and patience paramatas has all six paramatas,
and joy for effort has all six, and concentration has all six, wisdom has all six.
It's not something against six different species in the different areas.
It's all combined. That's how the beauty of the teaching, how practical, how thoughtful,
how clarity of the practice touches to our best, our own nature, our own goodness qualities.
Because it's compassion, because it's loving-kindness, because it's wisdom, all that combined.
That is really what it is. So with this thought, then we practice.
And with those understanding, and again I'm full, I'm just reminded that.
And with that thought, then now we go again to the young paramatas.
Young paramatas divided into three sections, or three. Those are, as I translated yesterday,
and many times I say it all this time, and that first is general concentration of young paramatas.
General, or in the teaching, some things. General usage, or useful meditation at the beginning,
or the general purpose, is general meditation to everyone, all the beginners.
In the beginning times he's jealous. So that is known as, I'm translating, general popular med
itations, or concentrations.
Second is clearly understanding, understanding of the samadhi that which clearly,
distantly knowing the meanings, knowing the meaning. That is the second samadhi.
And the third samadhi is, or samadha or dhyana. Dhyana is then known as the samadhi that pleases
the buddhas, or tathanga.
So those are the three ways. I mentioned yesterday really about the first ones.
Post global, when we practice the same thing with good postures, whatever you can do with good
motivations,
and all those instructions and instructions. Follow the lineage instructions or instructions of
practicing lineages as instructed.
Follow that. With that, then we practice. When you practice that, and keep the concentrations.
Not distracted. Distraction is obstacles. When we are distracted, our concentration is not good.
We are not concentrated. We are not resting our minds. We are distracted.
So therefore, keep with the joy of effort. With joy, keep continually doing it.
Concentrating, meditating, again and again. Even in one sitting, our mind goes away.
This time, we won't like to mind go away or skate it. We like to bring back to the object of that
focus.
In the teaching, use the examples. The focal point of the object is the pillar.
And keeping up the mind with that focus as the mindfulness. Mindfulness is keeping up there, as the
ropes.
And always assisting, supporting by the thought force.
Or I also say, "Conquension-ness." If you don't understand exactly my pronunciation, I'm also
saying, "Thoughtful."
"Thoughtful." How? That means watching regularly, occasionally, how your meditation is going.
That means what? We watch regularly of the obstacles during the concentrations.
Obstacles are distractions. There is true principle of distractions that make it.
In Tibet, "Chigma" means darkness in the sinking mind. That is distractions.
During the meditation, if the mind is dull in the sinking, that is obstacle.
So what do we have to do? We have to bring up the alertness, brightness aspect of that.
Bring up that, up to the standard, natural focus.
And then, second obstacle is the "Gopa." Skated mind, agitated mind, anxiety mind, worry mind.
Those are known as "Gopa."
Why we are worrying? Why we are agitated? Why we are scared of mind? Mostly time is going on the
object of the five sensorial place objects.
Five sensorial place objects. Mind is wandering now.
Now your body is calm and subtle and maybe build postures, all that.
But now, mind is really not rested. It is wandering in all the territory of the five place objects.
Poem, song, smell, taste, touch. And they may be feeling and ideas and consciousness.
Those can be divided, good and bad and neutral of that. And the mixture of that, those are, whether
it is very actively strong,
or whether it is a very kind of subtle, low key movement, or whether it is a mixture, it is all
known as the "Unseth."
Restless mind, or skated mind. Those are obstacles. Who is going to watch? This mindfulness, alert
ness,
appreciationness. These three are in the Divine Teachings or in the Buddha Teachings, "Timba," "Sh
ivi," "Bhayu." Those are the three.
This we are going to help and assist, bring back to the focus. Do that again and again.
How? We did joy. We did joy and we did continuing, to keep up that. That is known as the "Med
itation."
Meditating, now you are meditating of the beginning. That is general beginnings.
During that time, then, which is a little bit more kind of stabilized, and then the feelings,
experience will come.
Those are the unity, always in the teaching method. Those are three experiences.
Blessfulness experience, clarity experience, and no thought experience. Those will come up.
Blessfulness experience is first called alien energy, because those people who like meditation and
spiritual, they like to meditate.
Why? Because they have blessed calmness, peaceful, soothing, calming. That is the beginning of the
blessfulness.
Calmness, it breaks. It has that God. And this nature of the mind is generally calm, clear, and
open.
That energy in a way is coming. Now, at the beginning of the time, calmness.
Calmness, there, in the teaching, says, "Blessfulness." Those blessfulness are very sometimes
strong and powerful.
Powerful, where you can't believe excitement.
And then, the clarity is, and all the blood consumption, excitement, means "I went away."
Can't believe, "Oh, now gone." And more kind of building in the clear state of the meditation is
dawning or coming.
Those are clarity. And then, in the teaching, it says, being many Muslims, knowledge is also kind,
too.
And those are the teachings mentioned. And many of those great Muslims say, "Ah, goodness."
Then, no thoughts. Those are all.
And really, those people who have that state, just to continue meditating, with those kind of
feeling, with those, yeah, feelings and experiences,
that is known, as in the teaching, say, the first state of the meditation.
This is also known as "Chamatha Meditation," the heart of the Chamatha Meditation, this time.
This Chamatha Meditation is also not just only the Buddhism.
According to the teaching, it is also known Buddhism has history. That status. They do that.
So, that is the very foundation, "Chamatha."
And "Chamatha" was made in the Sanskrit epitaph, related in the English.
I think, calm abiding, calmly abiding, in a debate, "Shine, shivar, neva, shishivar, neva."
The body reminds calmly, peaceful. That is the basic foundation of the meditations.
Above that, now the two more, that.
Which is, that comes more, like, connected more with the Vibhishanas.
Vibhishanas, or more, can be done more, is extraordinary meditations of the Buddhism and the Vibh
ishana.
So, what means now, this second name, clearly translated, clearly knowing the meaning of where
things are, or the pranamana.
What that means, actually.
So, in these stages, those practices, exams, of course, in the beginning come too.
We find, exam, and see, that really the whole pranamana exists as emptiness. Both subject and
object.
See is emptiness. That's what house you. It's intellectually seeing.
Intellectually seeing, through the investigation and the latex.
Let's say, all is empty, status. Yet, it's appearing as magic shows, through the interdependent co-
ordination systems.
It's appearing, but there is no solid existing in the core, or in the nature of it.
It's all the split of the empty. Seeing that, intellectually seeing clearly that, and abiding of
the entrance to explore more of this realization,
continually keeping meditation, continually keeping the concentration, is known as, then, the
second stage of this meditation.
Second stage of this meditation.
'Bhora, yepa, santi' in a bit. And then, in the English, I translate it.
Clearly, or distinctly clearly, see the meaning of the pranamana.
What means meaning? Meaning of the pranamana is empty, or the nature of the pranamana is empty.
Seeing that, intellectually, continually keeping meditation, with the consumption, with hoping, or
with the thought of the brain,
like to bring more understanding of the realization of emptiness.
See, it is, now, kind of merging with the vibhachana and the chamala, chamala target, but still
with the consumption of the, like to explore more,
with, in a way, excitement, and joy, and keeping that practice.
Again, the same way, all these efforts keep, continually keep the efforts, keep the continually
applying all the tools
and the supporters of the techniques, what we listed earlier, a few days ago.
Oh, ask me. What are the supporters? I listed, there is many teachings,
but every summer I get more kind of simple way, five supporters of the meditation.
Joy, and effort, mindfulness, alertness, no, no, not alertness, sorry,
consciousness, consciousness, all thoughtful, and balance.
These five are the assistants of the meditation, or supporters of the meditation and the practices.
Then I also listed, last time, and of course you all know, I'm sure you know, that five obstacles
of the meditations,
I also listed, those obstacles are, again, first is, leadingness, second is, forgetfulness,
and third is, the wild, innocent mind, poor is too much applying the techniques,
and pimp is too loose, loose of the techniques, too irregular, or too slow, pleasure.
Those are the five obstacles. To bring in the five obstacles that five supports,
joy, joy for effort, or joy and joy for effort, mindfulness, consciousness, balance, those are,
and we keep, continually keep that supports, awarding those obstacles,
continually meditating, continually concentrating, with again the same obstacles, beginning, good,
middle good,
concluding good, and without those frames, continually keeping, then we reach the third stage of
the concentrations,
the concentrations that were released in the Buddha's.
That in their teaching, in teaching in that stage, what the realization of those individuals who
have them,
now they see true nature, exactly as it is, not intellectual, not theoretical, but they behold true
nature,
exactly as it is, as the Buddha sees, as those greater both inside and inside, they begin to see
that.
Therefore, it is made as the samadhi, that or meditation, that even the police, the Buddhas or the
Atangatas,
they reach for deeper something. These five, they see the emptiness of the subject and object.
I am using subject and object, which also what the popular name is true egolessiness.
Egolessiness of self, egolessiness of the phenomenon.
Rely that exactly, really true, as it is seen there.
So that is really the third stage of samadhi, and please, and encouraging, also say, for example,
beginning of that samadhi, the beginning of samadhi is kind of in the way of every look to the
frame of the five parts,
five parts of the Buddha's teaching, of when you practice five parts, accumulation part,
application part,
seeing part, and then meditation part, no more starting part, those are the five parts, and of
course you all know that.
Really, when we are trying to connect that, according to the teaching, again, the process of samad
hi is more corresponding,
positive, I should say, samadhi, positive concentration.
There is more corresponding with accumulation part.
Second one is more connected to the application part.
Third one is more connected then to the seeing part.
That is how it is.
But of course, Mahayana and the Buddhist practitioners, they do practice it.
All the both Vibhachana and the samadha are very big in times.
They are quite targeted, not divided in three different ways.
All combined are targeted.
What that means, that means, generally what means, samadha means, the abiding aspect of the mind is
samadha.
Seeing nature, the emptiness aspect of nature is Vibhachana.
When you practice together, when you practice together with that,
stay like that and seeing the nature at the same time as intellectually, theoretically.
That is the union of the Vibhachana and the samadha in the teaching system.
So, that is how really we practice it.
So, now that is the breed of the concentration parameters.
Concentration parameters.
Again, to do the concentration parameters and what we need.
We need avoiding the distractions, as he said so many times.
Now I can't avoid what we spoke first time.
Avoid avoiding the distractions.
That is why we may go to the hurt.
That is why many times, all those great masters, those enlightened beings,
in the new schools of the Vibhachana and the Kaju schools of the Vibhachana,
there were so many great masters on the mountain.
They had the glaciers, in the caves, in the woods, in the jungles.
And as well as all, many great was those Indian masters,
also in many life stories, and the Indian masters.
They are all humble, simple, common, chaotic and in the inner places,
not destructive location, many of those.
Because why? This is like teachings for us.
Perhaps in meditation, when we practice, we should avoid distractions.
And then precisely more clearly mentioned in the teaching,
there are two distractions that we have to watch.
Just physical distractions, mental distractions.
Once we avoid physical distractions, we go to the hermitage.
And hermitage qualities are, as the great master,
Maitriya Mehen, I went to those, and as well as Kamala Khilapurthog,
those six different qualities of the hermitage qualities.
We went through those, one after the others.
Those are the support of the meditation.
Favourable qualities support with our meditation of fulfilment of our practices.
And even you in that hermitage, and now what?
We have to be involved in the mental busyness, mental busyness.
That also Kamala Khilapurthog mentioned clearly, clearly.
Now trying to avoid the mental busyness, and then what?
In the teaching said, there is always five obstacles that come,
five that ditch, ditch we can form.
And those five ditches will be listed, five obstacles.
To support those, to avoid that, remove them,
five of those support are listed today, two, those are.
Then we continually keep the practices.
With joy, and with joyful effort, with courage, with commitment,
with both each other, with devotions, we continually keep.
Every day is fresh, every day is new.
Every day we renew our both each other.
Every day we reconnect with the Buddha Dharma Sangha.
Sangha, every day we strengthen, we strengthen.
As every day is a precious day, precious day.
And every evening we also remain thankful, joyful, our activities,
our meditators, we really do good.
Reflect back, to happy, to joy, rejoice,
same time dedicated that marriage, that virtues,
and that for all the sentient beings, for their goodness,
for to remove the all suffering, the difficulties, troubles,
and the fulfillment of their enlightenment, final enlightenment.
And some bring it to fulfillment with their lives,
with their desire, really reaching those things dedicated,
and then reaching good thought, with good thought, and go to sleep.
Sleep, go to bed, with good thought, with good both each others.
And in the teaching, many times in the teaching,
say that in the practice of the energies,
when you go to nighttime, also feel the presence of the Buddha Dharma Sangha
Dharma Sangha Dharma Sangha, right above your pillows, feel their blessing,
feel their blessing like this.
And feel that we are going to really perform my goal of realization,
goal of this very human existence in this lifetime,
to benefit to all beings, may they bless it.
And my dream will be become one of the beautiful dream
that I can practice as dream yogas,
every you know, every not.
Also in the buddhaic teaching, in the buddhaic teaching,
say that sleep, go to bed, all this is dreams.
All day day activity is like dream, merati, magics.
Now is an evening time.
When you look back to this from the morning,
until now it's all, it's like memories, all.
Not really is this all in the past way now, all is gone.
And now what we're seeing is also magic, dream, merati.
And myself is like dream, magic, merati.
May I have the perfect meaning realization of this magic like realization
and now I'm going to enter the magic like dream states.
May I have for the good world this dream also perfectly beautiful
to actualize the perfect this dream realization,
to benefit all dream like sentient beings.
Wishing those good thoughts.
Then tomorrow I'm going right up again to all good activities.
Some really have the kind of wishing project of the future.
Tomorrow activities with determinations and go to bed.
Those are all known as practices, in the practice of lineage,
in the teaching always has started.
So those are my thoughts about it.
Now what you see this way, I concluded, concluded at the end parabola.
The end parabola.
So we concluded the end parabola here now.
That's it.
So that it went kind of a little bit wide,
but today finally we concluded.
Thank you very much to all your patients.
Of course, your practice is six parabola
and I'm trying to six parabola.
So we're doing the six parabola practices.
So, therefore, patient is just very, very beautiful.
Thank you, everyone.
Thank you.
Thank you very much, everyone, again for what is patient
and you're all joining and listening to my broken thoughts.
Thank you.
And then next time I'm going to go over the six parabola.
Sixth parabola, which is final parabola.
So we go there.
We go in that.
We explore that department.
Thank you.
Thank you, everyone.
We explore that department as much as we can.
It's really deep ocean in that, but it is not something that easy.
But we go at least the baby swimming.
Baby swimming.
Over the summer they call it dog swimming.
Doggy swimming.
Doggy, please.
Oh, I do this.
I'm not saying you.
I do.
I will do that.
Thank you.
Now we do the healing practices.